General info
------------------
Nation restrictions function by discarding nations after generation if they do not match the restrictions. 
This means that any restrictions are bound to increase generation time on average. It is also very easy to 
set restrictions that are so strict that the program will simply run an eternal or at least a very long 
loop before generating the wanted amount of nations.

Nation seeds are compatible regardless of restrictions and generating from nation seeds disables restrictions.
Main seed on the main tab is not the same for a given nation count with restrictions most of the time. This
basically simply means that if your NationGen game allows you to generate your own nation, you can use the
restrictions for that without problems.

How do they function?
------------------
All nation restrictions need to apply for a nation to not be discarded. This means that adding multiple entries
of the same restrictions functions as "and" operator. Generally, but not necessarily, it is enough for just one
condition inside a restriction to hold, which functions as "or" operator.

To illustrate this behavior, here are two examples:

1. Magic access restriction for death magic at least level 3
2. Second magic access restriction for air magic at least level 3
-> These restrictions are passed only if the nation has air and death access at level 3.

1. Restriction for air magic at 3 and death magic at 3 in one restriction
-> It is enough for the nation to have air or death access at level 3.

List of restrictions (hopefully up to date)
--------------------

Magic: Access
-------------
Checks whether a nation has magic access at given level on at least one of the given paths. This can be done with 25% probability 
(100% random for 4 paths or better) or guaranteed.

Magic: Mage with access
-------------
Same as Magic: Access, but all the listed picks must be on a single mage (ie this is not an or-operator)

Nation or Primary Race Theme
-------------
Nation or primary race has to have a theme named like one of the listed themes. This means that it is not exact: Use a primary race 
restriction if you want something very specific.

No primary race
-------------
Primary race cannot be one of the listed races

No unit of race
-------------
Nation cannot have units of given race. You can set this to match all/only troops/only commanders/only sacreds

Primary race
---------------
Primary race has to be one of the listed races

Sacred race
---------------
At least one sacred must be of one of the listed races. Unit of race restriction does the same job.

Unit Command
---------------
At least one unit must have given command. If you do not specify arguments, any arguments are fine. If you specify
arguments, they must match exactly. Example: #berserk accepts any berserking level, #berserk 2 requires exactly that.

You can set this to match all/only troops/only commanders/only sacreds

Unit Filter
---------------
At least one unit must have given filter. You can set this to match all/only troops/only commanders/only sacreds

Unit of race
---------------
Nation must have at least one unit of given race. You can set this to match all/only troops/only commanders/only sacreds

