General
---------------------------------
First of all a note: Troop names come from primary race if defined.

Second of all, even if sets specify prefix or a slot, they aren't hard coded. You can have #prefix on a namepart
anywhere and you can use chanceincs of any slot. 

#type definitions are important. Otherwise you may end up with Sword Swordsmen or Javelin Javelin Throwers. 

Troop naming has two main methods of naming:
----------------------------------
1. GuaranteedPart
This one gives every unit eligible to something from the name set a name part

2. DifferentiateName
This one gives units nameparts only when the algorithm thinks it will increase the name diversity


Now, troop naming goes in steps:
----------------------------------
1. Base names ("Infantry", "Soldier", "Cavalry", "Rider")

Each role will get a separate name applied to all units of the role. 
You can change the set with #troopbasenames

2. Weapon/Mount names

Each unit will get a prefix or a base name based on its mount, or if no mount, on main hand weapon. 
You can change the sets with #troopweaponnames, #troopmountprefixes and #troopweaponprefixes

3. Misc guaranteed names

Each unit will get something from this short list if eligible. 
To change, #troopmiscguaranteedparts

4. Misc item differentation

The algorithm will try to differentiate units by using sets defined by #troopmiscitemnames and #troopmiscitemprefixes
By default these sets contain mostly bonus ranged weapon stuff and some minor other things. Considering how it is used only
for differentiation, it may not be a horrible idea to add some easier-to-trigger things here.

5. Special parts

Every unit eligible will get stuff from #troopspecialnames and #troopspecialprefixes. These are mostly for filters. Argueably these could
just be moved to misc guaranteed, but oh well.

6. Differentiate by weapon names

We use weapon names (not prefixes) found from #troopweaponnames to differentiate units if needed. This was added because your beautifully 
differentiated "Sword Warriors" and "Spear Warriors" can end up to "Clockwork Warriors" or "Mountain Warriors" in steps 3 and 4. Here we
make them Clockwork Swordsman and Clockwork Spearman instead if feasible.

Bonus part #1: Commander naming
----------------------------------
Commanders get a name from #commanderbasenames. #tier 1-3 can be added. Tier of a commander is partially random but also based on leadership 
abilities. If #generic is added, commander may get a #troopweaponprefix or a #troopspecialprefix. Commanders do always get #troopmiscguaranteedparts
like troops in step 3 if eligible. This may cause issues that may have to be remedied at some point, but not now.

Bonus part #2: Racial troop prefixes
----------------------------------
One way that various poses are differentiated is by adding a racial prefix to secondary-race troops. This will normally be based on the unit's race's
#visiblename. However, if a (primary-race or secondary-race) unit has a #subraceprefix defined and the nation or one of its themes has a different #raceprefix defined,
the unit's #subraceprefix will be used in place of the #visiblename. If the nation has no #raceprefix defined, but the unit has a #subraceprefix
and the #subraceprefix does not match the primary race's #visiblename, the #subraceprefix will also be used.
#subraceprefix