This is an overview of what the themes (and sometimes tags) currently used represent in general terms. Themes (and tags) can apply to races, nations, poses, units, items, spells, and nation themes.

Cultural Themes
---------------

#abysian: Relating to lavaborn. Either Abysian race or foobred crossbreeds. Advanced ironworking. Favors fire 
	heavily and blood lightly. Possibly subteranean. No chariots. Non-tribal.
#advanced: early Renaissance southern European. Associated with Marignon and various LA mercenaries, but broadly 
	encompasses some aspects of LA Ulm. Advanced ironworking. No chariots. Non-tribal.
#austral: African, primarily sub-Saharan. In the narrowest sense, associated with Machaka, but more broadly
	encompasses Berytos/Phaecia. May incorporate some sort of Colossi. Generally, ironworking. May include 
	tribal elements.
#boreal: Northern European. In the narrowest sense, associated with the 'heims and Rus, but more broadly also 
	encompasses Man and Ulm. Generally, medieval ironworking. Non-tribal.
#central: Hellenic. Associated with Arco, Amazons, and related nations. Bronzeworking with some ironworking. May 
	include tribal elements.
#civilized: Leventine. Associated with Gath, Ur, and Na'Ba. Lower-tech mixed ironworking and bronzeworking. May 
	tend towards larger troops/Grigori influence. Non-tribal.
#dynastic: Egyptian. Associated with C'tis and dustwalkers. Primitive bronze and ironworking. Chariots but no
	cavalry. Non-tribal.
#enlightened: Indian. Associated with Bandar Log, and to a much lesser degree, Ind. Lower-tech mixed ironworking
 	and bronzeworking. Celestial influences and more sacreds. Generally non-tribal.
#fae: A specific sort of Celtic. Associated with Tir na n'Og, Eriu, Ys, and very loosely with Man and Fomoria. 
	Generally exclusively bronzeworking. Non-tribal.
#feudal: Northwestern European. Associated with Man and MA Ulm. Overlaps with #boreal to some degree, but serves 
	as the "generic" theme for human nations. High diversity, low cohesion. Non-tribal.
#imperial: Roman. Associated with Ermor, Scylaria, and Pythia. Advanced bronze and lower-tech iron. Comparatively
	rigid troop rosters. May include #central and #dynastic elements. Generally non-tribal.
#occidental: American. Associated with Mictlan, Nazca, and Xibalba. Primitive neolithic, bronzeworking, and 
	ironworking. More sacreds. Fewer mounts, no chariots. May include tribal elements.
#oriental: East Asian. Associated with Jomon and T'ien Ch'i. Exclusively ironworking. Celestial influences. Non-
	tribal.